# Goldstandard
The 'Goldstandard' directory entails the gold standard '.exe' files and the gold standard prediction implementations of the classifiers. Furthermore, the 'out' directory entails all embeddings of the gold standard as well as the disassembled gold standard versions.
# Setuppalmtree
The 'setuppalmtree' directory entails the classifiers, which entail their hyperparameter tuning and their predictions on the corpus without the gold standard. Additionally, the clustering with its gold standard prediction is located inside this directory. Lastly, the directory entails the 'disassembler.py' and the 'embeddings.py', which are responsible for creating the assembly code and the embeddings.<br />  
The 'out' directory inside 'setuppalmtree' is split into a 'benign' and a 'malicious' subdirectory. Both are supposed to contain the assembly codes for the disassembled programs. The 'out' directory of each subdirectory contains the corresponding embeddings for the assembly code. <br /> <br /> 
Next to the 'out' directory, 'setuppalmtree' also contains a program directory, which is also split into benign and malicious files. This is where the input programs are organized. Moreover, the PalmTree model can be found in the 'palmtree' subdirectory of 'setuppalmtree'.<br /> <br /> 
Other than that, 'setuppalmtree' contains information about the document frequency scores for the different datasets, which are entailed in 'idfscores'. And the embeddings of the different datasets, which are entailed in 'embeddings'. Lastly, screenshots of the results are given in the 'results' directory.
